Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Yavaïŋ―. oïŋ―lum.
Ne bekliyorsun?
Onlar vahïŋ―i.
Bir kafile diïŋ―erinden
bir keïŋ―i ïŋ―alar...
...bir bakarsïŋ―n ki
birbirlerini parïŋ―alïŋ―yorlar.
Yabanïŋ―llarïŋ―n bïŋ―yle bir ïŋ―ey
yaptïŋ―ïŋ―ïŋ―nïŋ― hiïŋ― gïŋ―rmedim.
Ben hayatïŋ―mda
bïŋ―yle bir ïŋ―ey gïŋ―rmedim.
- Ne kadar yaklaïŋ―tïŋ―n?
- Yaklaïŋ―abildiïŋ―im kadar.
Sur'a geri dïŋ―nmeliyiz.
ïŋ―lïŋ―lerden korkuyor musun?
Yabanïŋ―llarïŋ―n
izini sïŋ―rmemiz emredildi.
Biz de sïŋ―rdïŋ―k.
Artïŋ―k bizi rahatsïŋ―z etmeyecekler.
Onun nasïŋ―l ïŋ―ldïŋ―klerini
sormayacaïŋ―ïŋ―nïŋ― mïŋ― sanïŋ―yorsun?
Atïŋ―na bin.
Onlara bunu yapan
bize de yapabilir.
ïŋ―ocuklarïŋ― bile ïŋ―ldïŋ―rmïŋ―ïŋ―ler.
ïŋ―yi ki ïŋ―ocuk deïŋ―iliz.
Gïŋ―neye kaïŋ―ïŋ―p gitmek istiyorsan. git.
Tabii firari olduïŋ―un iïŋ―in
boynunu vururlar.
ïŋ―nce ben seni yakalamazsam.
Atïŋ―na bin.
Bir daha sïŋ―ylemeyeceïŋ―im.
Senin ïŋ―lïŋ―ler
kamptan ayrïŋ―lmïŋ―ïŋ―a benziyor.
Buradaydïŋ―lar.
Bak bakalïŋ―m nereye gitmiïŋ―ler.
O ne?
Bu...
KIïŋ―YARI
Hadi. baban izliyor.
Annen de.
Her zamanki gibi ïŋ―ok gïŋ―zel
iïŋ―lemiïŋ―sin. Aferin.
Teïŋ―ekkïŋ―r ederim.
Kïŋ―ïŋ―elerde yaptïŋ―ïŋ―ïŋ―n detaylar
ïŋ―ok hoïŋ―uma gitti.
ïŋ―ok gïŋ―zel.
Dikiïŋ―ler ïŋ―ok ïŋ―ey deïŋ―il mi...
Hayïŋ―r. hayïŋ―r. Bu dikiïŋ― ïŋ―ok...
- ïŋ―ok gïŋ―zel.
- Teïŋ―ekkïŋ―rler.
Hanginiz on yaïŋ―ïŋ―nda
hedefi on ikiden vurabiliyordu?
ïŋ―alïŋ―ïŋ―maya devam et. Bran.
Hadi.
Fazla dïŋ―ïŋ―ïŋ―nme. Bran.
Yayïŋ― tuttuïŋ―un kolunu gevïŋ―et.
- ïŋ―abuk. Bran!
- Daha hïŋ―zlïŋ―.
Lord Stark!
Leydim.
Demin tepelerden
bir muhafïŋ―z geldi.
Gece Nïŋ―betïŋ―ileri'nden
bir firari yakalamïŋ―ïŋ―lar.
ïŋ―ocuklar atlara semer vursunlar.
Mecbur musun?
Bir yemin etmiïŋ―ti. Cat.
Kanun kanundur. leydim.
Bran'e sïŋ―yle. o da gelecek.
Ned.
On yaïŋ―ïŋ―nda bir ïŋ―ocuk
bïŋ―yle ïŋ―eyler gïŋ―rmek iïŋ―in ïŋ―ok kïŋ―ïŋ―ïŋ―k.
Ebediyen ïŋ―ocuk olarak kalmayacak.
Ve kïŋ―ïŋ― geliyor.
Delikanlïŋ―. koïŋ―. geri kalanïŋ―nïŋ― getir.
Ak gezerler.
Ak gezerleri gïŋ―rdïŋ―m.
Yeminimi bozduïŋ―umu biliyorum.
Firari olduïŋ―umu da biliyorum.
Sur'a geri dïŋ―nïŋ―p
onlarïŋ― uyarmalïŋ―ydïŋ―m. ama...
Ne gïŋ―rdïŋ―ïŋ―ïŋ―mïŋ― biliyorum.
Ak gezerleri gïŋ―rdïŋ―m.
ïŋ―nsanlar ïŋ―ïŋ―renmeli.
Aileme ulaïŋ―abilirseniz...
...korkak olmadïŋ―ïŋ―ïŋ―mïŋ― sïŋ―yleyin.
ïŋ―zïŋ―r dilediïŋ―imi sïŋ―yleyin.
Affedin beni. Lordum.
Baratheon Hanedanïŋ―'ndan
Robert adïŋ―yla anïŋ―lan...
- ...Andallar'ïŋ―n ve...
- Gïŋ―zlerini kaïŋ―ïŋ―rma.
- ...ïŋ―lk ïŋ―nsanlar'ïŋ―n Kralïŋ―...
- Babam anlar.
...Yedi Krallïŋ―ïŋ―ïŋ―n Lordu
ve diyarïŋ―n koruyucusu adïŋ―na...
...ben. Stark Hanedanïŋ―'ndan
Eddard...
...Kïŋ―ïŋ―yarïŋ― Lordu
ve Kuzey Muhafïŋ―zïŋ― olarak...
...seni ïŋ―lïŋ―me mahkïŋ―m ediyorum.
ïŋ―yi iïŋ― ïŋ―ïŋ―kardïŋ―n.
Neden yaptïŋ―ïŋ―ïŋ―mïŋ― anladïŋ―n mïŋ―?
Jon adamïŋ―n firari olduïŋ―unu sïŋ―yledi.
Ama onu neden ïŋ―ldïŋ―rmem
gerektiïŋ―ini anladïŋ―n mïŋ―?
Geleneklere baïŋ―lïŋ― olduïŋ―umuz iïŋ―in mi?
Onu ïŋ―lïŋ―me mahkïŋ―m eden kiïŋ―i
kïŋ―lïŋ―cïŋ― vurmalïŋ―.
Ak gezerleri gïŋ―rdïŋ―ïŋ―ïŋ― doïŋ―ru mu?
Ak gezerler ortadan yok olalïŋ―
binlerce yïŋ―l oldu.
Yani yalan mïŋ― sïŋ―ylïŋ―yordu?
Deli bir adam
olmayan ïŋ―eyler gïŋ―rdïŋ―ïŋ―ïŋ―nïŋ― sanïŋ―r.
Bu ne?
Daïŋ― aslanïŋ― mïŋ―?
Bu ormanda daïŋ― aslanïŋ― olmaz.
Bu bir hilkat garibesi.
Bu bir ulukurt.
Yïŋ―rtïŋ―cïŋ― hayvan.
Sur'un gïŋ―neyinde
ulukurt olmaz.
Artïŋ―k beïŋ― tane var.
Tutmak ister misin?
Nereye gidecekler?
Anneleri ïŋ―lmïŋ―ïŋ―.
Buraya ait deïŋ―iller.
ïŋ―abuk ïŋ―lmeleri daha iyi.
Anneleri olmadan yaïŋ―ayamazlar.
- Doïŋ―ru. Ver onu bana.
- Hayïŋ―r!
Bïŋ―ïŋ―aïŋ―ïŋ―nïŋ― yerine sok.
- Babandan emir alïŋ―rïŋ―m. senden deïŋ―il.
- Lïŋ―tfen baba!
ïŋ―zgïŋ―nïŋ―m. Bran.
Lord Stark?
Beïŋ― yavru var.
Stark ïŋ―ocuklarïŋ―ndan
her biri iïŋ―in bir tane.
Ulukurt. hanedanïŋ―nïŋ―zïŋ―n amblemi.
Bu yavrularïŋ― almak onlarïŋ―n kaderi.
Onlarïŋ― kendiniz eïŋ―iteceksiniz.
Kendiniz besleyeceksiniz.
ïŋ―lïŋ―rlerse de. kendiniz gïŋ―meceksiniz.
Sen almayacak mïŋ―sïŋ―n?
Ben bir Stark deïŋ―ilim.
Yïŋ―rïŋ―.
Ne var?
Kardeïŋ―lerin en ïŋ―elimsizi.
ïŋ―ïŋ―te o senin. Snow.
KRALIN TOPRAKLARI
Yedi Krallïŋ―ïŋ―ïŋ―n Baïŋ―kenti
Kardeïŋ―in olarak.
seni uyarmayïŋ― gïŋ―rev biliyorum.
ïŋ―ok fazla endiïŋ―eleniyorsun.
- Belli olmaya baïŋ―ladïŋ―.
- Sense hiïŋ― endiïŋ―elenmiyorsun.
ïŋ―kimiz yedi yaïŋ―ïŋ―ndayken
Casterly Rock'taki...
...30 metrelik uïŋ―urumdan suya
atlarken... Hiïŋ― korkmadïŋ―n.
Sen babama sïŋ―yleyene kadar
korkacak bir ïŋ―ey yoktu.
''Biz Lannister'larïŋ―z.
Lannister'lar aptallïŋ―k etmez.''
- Ya Jon Arryn birine sïŋ―ylediyse?
- Kime sïŋ―ylemiïŋ― olabilir?
Kocama.
Krala sïŋ―ylemiïŋ― olsaydïŋ―. ikimizin de
kellesi ïŋ―ehir kapïŋ―sïŋ―nda asïŋ―lïŋ― olurdu.
Jon Arryn'in bildiïŋ―i ya da bilmediïŋ―i
ne varsa. onunla beraber ïŋ―ldïŋ―.
Robert yeni bir Kral Eli seïŋ―ecek.
O domuz becerip fahiïŋ―e avlarken.
onun iïŋ―lerini yapacak birini.
Yoksa tam tersi miydi?
Hayat devam edecek.
Kral Eli sen olmalïŋ―sïŋ―n.
O ïŋ―erefe nail olmasam da olur.
Gïŋ―nleri ïŋ―ok uzun...
...ïŋ―mïŋ―rleri ïŋ―ok kïŋ―sa oluyor.
Bunca yïŋ―l oldu...
...ama buraya geldiïŋ―imde kendimi
hala yabancïŋ― gibi hissediyorum.
Beïŋ― kuzeyli ïŋ―ocuïŋ―un var.
Yabancïŋ― deïŋ―ilsin.
Acaba eski tanrïŋ―lar da
aynïŋ― fikirde midir?
Bir sïŋ―rïŋ― kural koyan
senin tanrïŋ―larïŋ―n.
ïŋ―ok ïŋ―zgïŋ―nïŋ―m. aïŋ―kïŋ―m.
- Sïŋ―yle.
- Kralïŋ―n Topraklarïŋ―'ndan kuzgun geldi.
Jon Arryn ïŋ―lmïŋ―ïŋ―.
Ateïŋ―li bir hastalïŋ―k canïŋ―nïŋ― almïŋ―ïŋ―.
Senin iïŋ―in bir baba gibi
olduïŋ―unu biliyorum.
- Kïŋ―z kardeïŋ―inle oïŋ―lu nasïŋ―lmïŋ―ïŋ―?
- ïŋ―kisi de saïŋ―lïŋ―klïŋ―...
...tanrïŋ―lara ïŋ―ïŋ―kïŋ―rler olsun.
Kuzgun baïŋ―ka haberler de getirdi.
Kral. kraliïŋ―e ve diïŋ―erleriyle...
...Kïŋ―ïŋ―yarïŋ―'na doïŋ―ru yola ïŋ―ïŋ―kmïŋ―ïŋ―.
Bu kadar kuzeye geliyorsa...
...tek bir isteïŋ―i olabilir.
ïŋ―stersen hayïŋ―r diyebilirsin. Ned.
Lord Tyrion'ïŋ―n odasïŋ― iïŋ―in
bir sïŋ―rïŋ― muma ihtiyacïŋ―mïŋ―z var.
- Bïŋ―tïŋ―n gece okuduïŋ―unu duydum.
- Bense bïŋ―tïŋ―n gece iïŋ―tiïŋ―ini duydum.
En ïŋ―ok ne kadar iïŋ―ebilir?
Yani onun...
...boyutunda bir insan?
Mahzenden sekiz fïŋ―ïŋ―ïŋ― bira ïŋ―ïŋ―kardïŋ―k.
Belki ïŋ―ïŋ―reniriz.
Her halïŋ―karda mumlar lazïŋ―m.
Annen neden bizi krala gïŋ―zel
gïŋ―stermeye bu kadar takïŋ―ntïŋ―lïŋ―?
Kesin kraliïŋ―e iïŋ―indir.
Sïŋ―slïŋ― pïŋ―slïŋ― olduïŋ―unu duydum.
Prens tam bir kraliyet hïŋ―yarïŋ―ymïŋ―ïŋ―.
Kim bilir kraliyet hïŋ―yarïŋ―nïŋ―
kaïŋ― gïŋ―neyli kïŋ―za tattïŋ―rïŋ―yordur.
Hadi Tommy. ïŋ―unu bir gïŋ―zel tïŋ―raïŋ― et.
Hiïŋ―bir kïŋ―zïŋ― kendi saïŋ―ïŋ―ndan
daha ïŋ―ok sevmedi.
Yïŋ―ce tanrïŋ―lar.
bunlar ne ïŋ―abuk bïŋ―yïŋ―yor.
Brandon!
Kralïŋ― gïŋ―rdïŋ―m.
Yanïŋ―nda yïŋ―zlerce insan var.
Sana kaïŋ― kere sïŋ―yledim?
Tïŋ―rmanmak yok.
Ama ïŋ―u an bize doïŋ―ru geliyor.
Bana sïŋ―z vermeni istiyorum.
Bundan bïŋ―yle tïŋ―rmanmayacaksïŋ―n.
Sïŋ―z veriyorum.
- Sana bir ïŋ―ey sïŋ―yleyeyim mi?
- Ne?
Yalan sïŋ―ylemeden ïŋ―nce
hep ayaklarïŋ―na bakïŋ―yorsun.
Koïŋ―. babanïŋ― bul.
Kralïŋ―n yaklaïŋ―tïŋ―ïŋ―ïŋ―nïŋ― sïŋ―yle.
Arya nerede?
Sansa. kïŋ―z kardeïŋ―in nerede?
Bunu neden kafana taktïŋ―n?
Yïŋ―rïŋ―.
Kay!
Majesteleri.
ïŋ―iïŋ―manlamïŋ―ïŋ―sïŋ―n.
- Cat!
- Majesteleri.
Dokuz yïŋ―l... Seni neden gïŋ―rmedim?
Hangi cehennemdeydin?
Sizin iïŋ―in kuzeyi kolluyordum.
Majesteleri. Kïŋ―ïŋ―yarïŋ― sizindir.
- Kïŋ―ïŋ―ïŋ―k ïŋ―eytan nerede?
- Susar mïŋ―sïŋ―n?
Bak burada kim varmïŋ―ïŋ―.
Sen Robb olmalïŋ―sïŋ―n.
Ah. sen ne gïŋ―zel ïŋ―eysin ïŋ―yle.
Senin adïŋ―n ne?
Arya.
Bize kaslarïŋ―nïŋ― gïŋ―ster bakalïŋ―m.
Asker olacaksïŋ―n.
Bu kraliïŋ―enin ikiz kardeïŋ―i
Jaime Lannister.
Susar mïŋ―sïŋ―n lïŋ―tfen?
Kraliïŋ―em.
Beni yeraltïŋ― tïŋ―rbenize gïŋ―tïŋ―r.
Ziyaret etmek istiyorum.
Bir aydïŋ―r yoldayïŋ―z. aïŋ―kïŋ―m.
ïŋ―lïŋ―ler elbet bekleyebilir.
Ned.
Kïŋ―ïŋ―ïŋ―k ïŋ―eytan nerede?
Kardeïŋ―imiz nerede?
Git bul ïŋ―u kïŋ―ïŋ―ïŋ―k canavarïŋ―.
Jon Arryn'in olayïŋ―nïŋ― anlatsana.
Gayet iyiydi. sonra birden...
...hastalïŋ―ïŋ―ïŋ― her neyse
onu yakïŋ―p kavurdu.
O adamïŋ― severdim.
ïŋ―kimiz de severdik.
Sana bir ïŋ―ey ïŋ―ïŋ―retmesine gerek kalmadïŋ―
ama benim 16 yaïŋ―ïŋ―mïŋ― hatïŋ―rlïŋ―yor musun?
Tek istediïŋ―im kafa patlatïŋ―p
kïŋ―z becermekti.
- Bana neyin ne olduïŋ―unu gïŋ―sterdi.
- Evet.
Bana ïŋ―yle bakma.
Ben dinlemediysem adamïŋ―n suïŋ―u ne?
Sana ihtiyacïŋ―m var. Ned.
Kralïŋ―n Topraklarïŋ―'nda. kimseye bir
faydanïŋ―n dokunmadïŋ―ïŋ―ïŋ― burada deïŋ―il.
Lord Eddard Stark...
...seni Kral Eli ilan edeceïŋ―im.
Bu ïŋ―erefe layïŋ―k deïŋ―ilim.
Seni ïŋ―ereflendirmeye ïŋ―alïŋ―ïŋ―mïŋ―yorum.
Ben yiyip iïŋ―ip
fahiïŋ―elerle sïŋ―rterek...
...kendimi erkenden mezara sokarken
krallïŋ―ïŋ―ïŋ―mïŋ― yïŋ―netmeni istiyorum.
Lanet olsun. Ned. ayaïŋ―a kalk.
Demir Taht'ïŋ― kazanmama
yardïŋ―m ettin...
...ïŋ―imdi de
elimde tutmama yardïŋ―m et.
Onu birlikte yïŋ―netecektik.
Kïŋ―z kardeïŋ―in yaïŋ―asaydïŋ―.
akrabalïŋ―k baïŋ―ïŋ―mïŋ―z olacaktïŋ―.
Ama ïŋ―ok geïŋ― deïŋ―il.
Benim bir oïŋ―lum.
senin bir kïŋ―zïŋ―n var.
Hanedanlarïŋ―mïŋ―zïŋ― birleïŋ―tiririz.
Kuzeyli kïŋ―zlarla ilgili
sïŋ―yledikleri doïŋ―ruymuïŋ―.
Kralïŋ―n Kïŋ―ïŋ―yarïŋ―'nda olduïŋ―unu
duydun mu?
Kulaïŋ―ïŋ―ma ïŋ―yle bir ïŋ―eyler ïŋ―alïŋ―ndïŋ―.
Kraliïŋ―e ile
ikiz erkek kardeïŋ―i de gelmiïŋ―.
Yedi Krallïŋ―k'ïŋ―n
en yakïŋ―ïŋ―ïŋ―klïŋ― erkeïŋ―iymiïŋ―.
Ya diïŋ―er erkek kardeïŋ―i?
- Kraliïŋ―enin iki kardeïŋ―i mi var?
- Bir yakïŋ―ïŋ―ïŋ―klïŋ― olan var...
...bir de akïŋ―llïŋ― olan.
Ona Kïŋ―ïŋ―ïŋ―k ïŋ―eytan diyorlarmïŋ―ïŋ―.
O lakaptan nefret edermiïŋ―.
Sonuna kadar hak ediyormuïŋ―.
Ayyaïŋ―. kïŋ―ïŋ―ïŋ―k bir zamparaymïŋ―ïŋ―...
...ve her tïŋ―rlïŋ― sapïŋ―klïŋ―ïŋ―a
eïŋ―ilimi varmïŋ―ïŋ―.
Akïŋ―llïŋ― kïŋ―z.
Sizi bekliyorduk. Lord Tyrion.
ïŋ―yle mi?
ïŋ―imdiden mi?
Tanrïŋ―lar bana tek bir lïŋ―tuf vermiïŋ―.
- Kalkma.
- Lordum.
Genelevde kapalïŋ― bir kapïŋ―nïŋ―n
anlamïŋ―nïŋ― aïŋ―ïŋ―klayayïŋ―m mïŋ―. kardeïŋ―im?
Bana ïŋ―ïŋ―retecek ïŋ―ok ïŋ―eyin
olduïŋ―una ïŋ―ïŋ―phem yok...
...ama kïŋ―z kardeïŋ―imiz
dikkatini bize vermeni istiyor.
Kïŋ―z kardeïŋ―imizin
ïŋ―ok tuhaf istekleri var.
ïŋ―rsi bir ïŋ―zellik.
Stark'lar akïŋ―am ïŋ―erefimize
bir ziyafet verecekler.
- Beni o insanlarla yalnïŋ―z bïŋ―rakma.
- Gïŋ―zel. ben ziyafete erken baïŋ―ladïŋ―m.
Ve bu. birïŋ―ok ana yemekten ilki.
Bïŋ―yle diyeceïŋ―ini dïŋ―ïŋ―ïŋ―nmïŋ―ïŋ―tïŋ―m.
Ama zamanïŋ―mïŋ―z dar olduïŋ―u iïŋ―in...
Gelin. kïŋ―zlar.
Akïŋ―am gïŋ―rïŋ―ïŋ―ïŋ―rïŋ―z.
Kapïŋ―yïŋ― kapat!
Onu bïŋ―yle bir yere
gïŋ―mmek zorunda mïŋ―ydïŋ―n?
ïŋ―zerinde gïŋ―neïŋ―in
ve bulutlarïŋ―n olduïŋ―u...
...bir tepede olmalïŋ―ydïŋ―.
O benim kïŋ―z kardeïŋ―imdi.
Ait olduïŋ―u yer burasïŋ―.
Onun yeri. benim yanïŋ―mdïŋ―.
Rïŋ―yalarïŋ―mda. her gece
o adamïŋ― ïŋ―ldïŋ―rïŋ―yorum.
Rïŋ―yanïŋ―z gerïŋ―ekleïŋ―ti. Majesteleri.
Targaryen'ler ïŋ―ldïŋ―.
Hepsi deïŋ―il.
PENTOS
Dar Deniz'in Karïŋ―ïŋ― Kïŋ―yïŋ―sïŋ―
Daenerys!
Daenerys.
ïŋ―ïŋ―te mïŋ―stakbel gelinimiz.
Bak. bu Illyrio'dan bir hediye.
Ellesene.
Hadi. kumaïŋ―a dokun.
ïŋ―ok ince bir ev sahibi deïŋ―il mi?
Bir kïŋ―sur yïŋ―ldïŋ―r bizi misafir ediyor
ve hiïŋ―bir ïŋ―ey istemedi.
Illyrio aptal deïŋ―il.
Tahta geïŋ―tiïŋ―imde...
...dostlarïŋ―mïŋ― unutmayacaïŋ―ïŋ―mïŋ― biliyor.
Hala kambur duruyorsun.
Biraz kendini gïŋ―ster.
Artïŋ―k bir kadïŋ―n vïŋ―cuduna sahipsin.
Bugïŋ―n mïŋ―kemmel olmanïŋ― istiyorum.
Hatïŋ―rïŋ―m iïŋ―in olur musun?
Ejderi uyandïŋ―rmak istemezsin.
deïŋ―il mi?
Hayïŋ―r.
Saltanatïŋ―mïŋ―n tarihini yazarlarken.
tatlïŋ― kardeïŋ―im...
...bugïŋ―n baïŋ―ladïŋ―ïŋ―ïŋ―nïŋ― sïŋ―yleyecekler.
Su ïŋ―ok sïŋ―cak. leydim.
Nerede bu?
Dothraki'ler. pek dakik sayïŋ―lmazlar.
ïŋ―erefli konuklarïŋ―mïŋ―
takdim edebilir miyim?
Targaryen Hanedanïŋ―'ndan
ïŋ―ïŋ―ïŋ―ncïŋ― adïŋ―yla...
...Viserys...
...Andallar'ïŋ―n ve ïŋ―lk ïŋ―nsanlar'ïŋ―n
meïŋ―ru kralïŋ―...
...ve kïŋ―z kardeïŋ―i...
...Targaryen Hanedanïŋ―'ndan
Daenerys.
Saïŋ―ïŋ― ne kadar uzun. gïŋ―rïŋ―yor musun?
Dothraki'ler savaïŋ―ta yenilince...
...bïŋ―tïŋ―n dïŋ―nya utanïŋ―larïŋ―nïŋ―
gïŋ―rsïŋ―n diye ïŋ―rgïŋ―lerini keserler.
Khal Drogo hiïŋ― yenilmemiïŋ―.
Elbette yabani bir adam
ama yaïŋ―ayan en iyi katillerden biri.
Ve sen onun kraliïŋ―esi olacaksïŋ―n.
ïŋ―ne ïŋ―ïŋ―k. canïŋ―m.
Nereye gidiyor?
- Seremoni bitti.
- Ama hiïŋ―bir ïŋ―ey sïŋ―ylemedi.
Onu beïŋ―endi mi?
ïŋ―nanïŋ―n Majesteleri.
beïŋ―enmeseydi. anlardïŋ―k.
Uzun sïŋ―rmez.
Yakïŋ―nda dar denizi geïŋ―ip
babanïŋ―zïŋ―n tahtïŋ―na geïŋ―ersiniz.
Halk. saïŋ―lïŋ―ïŋ―ïŋ―nïŋ―z iïŋ―in
gizliden gizliye dua ediyor.
Gerïŋ―ek krallarïŋ―nïŋ― istiyorlar.
Ne zaman evlenecekler?
Yakïŋ―nda. Dothrakiler bir yerde
asla ïŋ―ok uzun kalmaz.
Atlarïŋ―yla yattïŋ―klarïŋ― doïŋ―ru mu?
Yerinizde olsam
Khal Drogo'ya sormazdïŋ―m.
Beni aptal mïŋ― sanïŋ―yorsun?
Hayïŋ―r. kralsïŋ―nïŋ―z.
Krallar. sïŋ―radan insanlar kadar
tedbirli olmaz.
Sizi gïŋ―cendirdiysem ïŋ―zïŋ―r dilerim.
Drogo gibi bir adamïŋ―
nasïŋ―l idare edeceïŋ―imi bilirim.
Ona bir kraliïŋ―e vereceïŋ―im.
o da bana bir ordu verecek.
Onun kraliïŋ―esi olmak istemiyorum.
Yurdumuza dïŋ―nmek istiyorum.
Ben de.
Birlikte yurdumuza
dïŋ―nmemizi istiyorum...
...ama onu bizden aldïŋ―lar.
O yïŋ―zden sïŋ―yle bakalïŋ―m.
tatlïŋ― kardeïŋ―im...
...yurdumuza nasïŋ―l dïŋ―neceïŋ―iz?
Bilmiyorum.
Yurdumuza bir orduyla dïŋ―neceïŋ―iz.
Khal Drogo'nun ordusuyla.
Eïŋ―er gerekirse bïŋ―tïŋ―n kabilesinin...
...40.000 adamïŋ―nïŋ―n.
hatta atlarïŋ―nïŋ―n bile...
...seni becermesine izin veririm.
Sence Joffrey beni beïŋ―enir mi?
Ya beni ïŋ―irkin bulursa?
O zaman gelmiïŋ― geïŋ―miïŋ―
en aptal prenstir.
ïŋ―ok yakïŋ―ïŋ―ïŋ―klïŋ―.
Ne zaman evleneceïŋ―iz? Yakïŋ―nda mïŋ―?
Yoksa beklememiz mi gerek?
Sus bakayïŋ―m.
Daha baban evet bile demedi.
Neden hayïŋ―r desin?
Krallïŋ―klarïŋ―n
en gïŋ―ïŋ―lïŋ― ikinci adamïŋ― olacak.
Evinden ayrïŋ―lmasïŋ― gerekecek.
Beni bïŋ―rakmasïŋ― gerekecek.
Sen de ïŋ―yle.
Sen de buraya gelmek iïŋ―in
evinden ayrïŋ―ldïŋ―n.
Ve bir gïŋ―n kraliïŋ―e olacaïŋ―ïŋ―m.
Lïŋ―tfen babama evet dedirt!
- Sansa...
- Lïŋ―tfen. lïŋ―tfen!
Hayatïŋ―mda istediïŋ―im tek ïŋ―ey bu.
Doldur ïŋ―unu!
ïŋ―ocuklar. Rodrik. hadi.
Hadi!
Buraya gel. gïŋ―zel ïŋ―ey!
Daha ïŋ―lmedi mi?
Benjen amca.
Bïŋ―yïŋ―mïŋ―ïŋ―sïŋ―n.
Bïŋ―tïŋ―n gïŋ―n at sïŋ―rtïŋ―ndaydïŋ―m.
Sizi Lannister'larla
yalnïŋ―z bïŋ―rakmak istemedim.
Neden ziyafette deïŋ―ilsin?
Leydi Stark. aralarïŋ―nda bir piïŋ―i
oturtmanïŋ―n. kraliyet ailesini...
...kïŋ―ïŋ―ïŋ―k dïŋ―ïŋ―ïŋ―receïŋ―ini dïŋ―ïŋ―ïŋ―ndïŋ―.
ïŋ―stersen Sur'a gelebilirsin.
Orada hiïŋ―bir piïŋ― geri ïŋ―evrilmez.
O zaman dïŋ―nerken
beni yanïŋ―nda gïŋ―tïŋ―r.
- Jon...
- Sen sïŋ―ylersen babam kabul eder.
Edeceïŋ―inden eminim.
Sur hiïŋ―bir yere gitmiyor.
Sizin yemininizi etmeye hazïŋ―rïŋ―m.
Nelerden vazgeïŋ―eceïŋ―ini
anlamïŋ―yorsun.
Bizim ailemiz yok.
- Hiïŋ―birimizin oïŋ―lu olmayacak.
- Umurumda deïŋ―il.
Anlamïŋ―nïŋ― bilseydin. olabilirdi.
Ben en iyisi iïŋ―eri girip...
...babanïŋ― konuklarïŋ―ndan kurtarayïŋ―m.
Sonra konuïŋ―uruz.
Demek amcan Gece Nïŋ―betïŋ―ileri'nde.
Senin burada ne iïŋ―in var?
Senin ailenle bir gece
geïŋ―irmeye hazïŋ―rlanïŋ―yorum.
Hep Sur'u gïŋ―rmek istemiïŋ―imdir.
Sen Tyrion Lannister mïŋ―sïŋ―n?
Kraliïŋ―enin kardeïŋ―i.
En bïŋ―yïŋ―k baïŋ―arïŋ―m.
Sen de Ned Stark'ïŋ―n piïŋ―isin.
deïŋ―il mi?
Kalbini mi kïŋ―rdïŋ―m? Affedersin.
Ama sen ïŋ―u piïŋ―sin.
Lord Eddard Stark babam.
Ve Leydi Stark annen deïŋ―il.
Yani... piïŋ―sin.
Sana bir tavsiye vereyim. piïŋ―.
Ne olduïŋ―unu asla unutma.
Dïŋ―nyanïŋ―n geri kalanïŋ― unutmaz.
Onu bir zïŋ―rh gibi taïŋ―ïŋ―rsan...
...asla seni incitmek iïŋ―in
kullanamazlar.
Sen piïŋ― olmaktan ne anlarsïŋ―n?
Bïŋ―tïŋ―n cïŋ―celer
babalarïŋ―nïŋ―n gïŋ―zïŋ―nde piïŋ―tir.
Senin ziyafette olman...
...bir ayïŋ―nïŋ―n kapana kïŋ―sïŋ―lmasïŋ―
gibi bir ïŋ―ey.
Kellesini uïŋ―urduïŋ―um...
- ...ïŋ―ocuïŋ―u tanïŋ―yor muydun?
- Tabii ki. Sïŋ―radan bir ïŋ―ocuktu.
Ama cesurdu. Ned.
Gerïŋ―ek bir orman muhafïŋ―zïŋ―ydïŋ―.
Deli deli konuïŋ―uyordu.
Arkadaïŋ―larïŋ―nïŋ― ak gezerlerin
katlettiïŋ―ini sïŋ―yledi.
Yanïŋ―ndaki iki kiïŋ―i hala kayïŋ―p.
Yabanïŋ―llarïŋ―n pususuna dïŋ―ïŋ―mïŋ―ïŋ―lerdir.
Olabilir.
Sur'un gïŋ―neyinde
ulukurtlar ïŋ―ïŋ―kïŋ―yor...
...ak gezerlerin bahsi geïŋ―iyor...
...ve kardeïŋ―im
yeni Kral Eli olabilir.
Kïŋ―ïŋ― geliyor.
- Benjen amca.
- Robb. evlat.
- Nasïŋ―lsïŋ―n?
- ïŋ―yiyim.
Kuzeye ilk kez mi geliyorsunuz.
Majesteleri?
Evet. Hoïŋ― bir ïŋ―lke.
Eminim Kralïŋ―n Topraklarïŋ―'ndan
sonra ïŋ―ok kasvetli gelmiïŋ―tir.
Ned beni buraya ilk getirdiïŋ―inde
ne kadar korktuïŋ―umu hatïŋ―rlïŋ―yorum.
Merhaba. kïŋ―ïŋ―ïŋ―k gïŋ―vercinim.
Ne kadar da gïŋ―zelsin.
- Kaïŋ― yaïŋ―ïŋ―ndasïŋ―n?
- On ïŋ―ïŋ―. Majesteleri.
Uzun boylusun.
Hala bïŋ―yïŋ―yor musun?
Sanïŋ―rïŋ―m evet. Majesteleri.
Adet gïŋ―rdïŋ―n mïŋ―?
Hayïŋ―r. Majesteleri.
Elbiseni kendin mi diktin?
ïŋ―ok yeteneklisin.
Bana da bir ïŋ―ey dikmelisin.
Bir gïŋ―n ortak bir torunumuz
olabileceïŋ―ini duydum.
Ben de ïŋ―yle duydum.
Kïŋ―zïŋ―nïŋ―z baïŋ―kente uyum saïŋ―lar.
Bïŋ―yle bir gïŋ―zellik
ebediyen burada gizli kalmamalïŋ―.
- ïŋ―zninle.
- Yakïŋ―nda komïŋ―u olabilirmiïŋ―iz.
Umarïŋ―m doïŋ―rudur.
Evet. kral beni teklifiyle
onurlandïŋ―rdïŋ―.
Eminim kabul edersen. yeni unvanïŋ―nïŋ―
kutlamak iïŋ―in bir turnuva dïŋ―zenleriz.
Seni sahada gïŋ―rmek gïŋ―zel olur.
Rekabet biraz yavanlaïŋ―tïŋ―.
- Ben turnuvalarda dïŋ―vïŋ―ïŋ―mem.
- ïŋ―yle mi?
Fazla mïŋ― yaïŋ―lïŋ―sïŋ―n?
Turnuvalarda dïŋ―vïŋ―ïŋ―mem...
...ïŋ―ïŋ―nkïŋ― bir adamla
gerïŋ―ekten dïŋ―vïŋ―ïŋ―tïŋ―ïŋ―ïŋ―mde...
...neler yapabileceïŋ―imi
bilmesini istemem.
Aïŋ―zïŋ―na saïŋ―lïŋ―k.
Arya!
Hiïŋ― komik deïŋ―il!
Hep bïŋ―yle yapïŋ―yor.
En sevdiïŋ―im elbisemi mahvetti.
Bunu hep yapïŋ―yor
ve hiïŋ― komik deïŋ―il!
Uyku zamanïŋ―.
Ben kuzeyliyim.
Yerim senin yanïŋ―n. baïŋ―kent dedikleri
o sïŋ―ïŋ―an yuvasïŋ― deïŋ―il.
Seni almasïŋ―na izin vermem.
Kral istediïŋ―ini alïŋ―r.
O yïŋ―zden kral.
Ona derim ki.
''Beni dinle. ïŋ―iïŋ―ko.
''Kocamïŋ― hiïŋ―bir yere gïŋ―tïŋ―remezsin.
''O artïŋ―k benim.''
Nasïŋ―l o kadar ïŋ―iïŋ―manlamïŋ―ïŋ―?
Yalnïŋ―zca iïŋ―ki iïŋ―erken
yemeyi bïŋ―rakïŋ―yor.
Efendi Luwin geldi. efendim.
ïŋ―ïŋ―eri gïŋ―nder.
Affedersiniz. lordum. leydim.
Gece kïŋ―z kardeïŋ―inizden...
...bir atlïŋ― geldi.
- Sen kal.
- Bu Eyrie'den gïŋ―nderilmiïŋ―.
Eyrie'de ne iïŋ―i var?
Dïŋ―ïŋ―ïŋ―nïŋ―nden beri oraya dïŋ―nmemiïŋ―ti.
Ne haber vermiïŋ―?
Baïŋ―kentten kaïŋ―mïŋ―ïŋ―.
Jon Arryn'in ïŋ―ldïŋ―rïŋ―ldïŋ―ïŋ―ïŋ―nïŋ― sïŋ―ylïŋ―yor.
Lannister'lar tarafïŋ―ndan.
Kralïŋ―n tehlikede olduïŋ―unu sïŋ―ylïŋ―yor.
Yeni dul kaldïŋ―. Cat.
Ne dediïŋ―ini bilmiyor.
O mektup yanlïŋ―ïŋ― insanlarïŋ―n
eline geïŋ―seydi...
...ïŋ―u an Lysa'nïŋ―n baïŋ―ïŋ―
kazïŋ―ïŋ―a geïŋ―irilmiïŋ― olurdu.
Sence kocasïŋ―nïŋ―n
ïŋ―ldïŋ―rïŋ―ldïŋ―ïŋ―ïŋ―nden emin olmasaydïŋ―...
...kendi hayatïŋ―nïŋ―...
...oïŋ―lunun hayatïŋ―nïŋ―
tehlikeye atar mïŋ―ydïŋ―?
Bu haber doïŋ―ruysa...
...Lannister'lar tahta geïŋ―mek iïŋ―in
entrika ïŋ―eviriyorsa...
...kralïŋ― sizden baïŋ―ka
kim koruyabilir?
Son El'i ïŋ―ldïŋ―rdïŋ―ler.
ïŋ―imdi iïŋ―i Ned'in
almasïŋ―nïŋ― mïŋ― istiyorsun?
Kral. Lord Stark'ïŋ―n yardïŋ―mïŋ―nïŋ― istemek
iïŋ―in. bir aylïŋ―k yol tepmiïŋ―.
Yalnïŋ―zca ona gïŋ―veniyor.
Krala bir yemin ettiniz. lordum.
ïŋ―mrïŋ―nïŋ―n yarïŋ―sïŋ―nïŋ―. Robert'ïŋ―n
harplerinde savaïŋ―arak geïŋ―irdi.
Ona hiïŋ―bir ïŋ―ey borïŋ―lu deïŋ―il.
Baban ve erkek kardeïŋ―in.
bir kez kralïŋ―n emriyle...
...gïŋ―neye gitmiïŋ―lerdi.
Farklïŋ― bir dïŋ―nemdi.
Farklïŋ― bir kraldïŋ―.
Khal ile ne zaman gïŋ―rïŋ―ïŋ―eceïŋ―im?
ïŋ―stilayïŋ― planlamaya baïŋ―lamalïŋ―yïŋ―z.
Khal Drogo size bir taïŋ― vaat ettiyse.
onu alïŋ―rsïŋ―nïŋ―z.
- Ne zaman?
- Kehanetleri savaïŋ―ïŋ― gïŋ―sterdiïŋ―inde.
Dothraki kehanetlerinin
iïŋ―ine edeyim.
Tahtïŋ―mïŋ― geri almak iïŋ―in
17 yïŋ―ldïŋ―r bekliyorum.
En az ïŋ―ïŋ― ïŋ―lïŋ―mïŋ―n olmadïŋ―ïŋ―ïŋ― bir
Dothraki dïŋ―ïŋ―ïŋ―nïŋ― sïŋ―kïŋ―cïŋ― kabul edilir.
Yeni khaleesi iïŋ―in.
kïŋ―ïŋ―ïŋ―k bir hediye.
Yedi Krallïŋ―k'tan
ïŋ―arkïŋ―lar ve tarihi ïŋ―ykïŋ―ler.
Teïŋ―ekkïŋ―r ederim. efendim.
Benim yurdumdan mïŋ―sïŋ―nïŋ―z?
Ayïŋ― Adasïŋ―'ndan
Sïŋ―r Jorah Mormont.
Babanïŋ―za uzun yïŋ―llar hizmet ettim.
Tanrïŋ―lar izin verirse. her zaman
meïŋ―ru krala hizmet etmeyi umarïŋ―m.
Ejder yumurtalarïŋ―. Daenerys.
Asshai'nin ïŋ―tesindeki
Gïŋ―lge Topraklar'dan.
Asïŋ―rlar onlarïŋ― taïŋ―a dïŋ―nïŋ―ïŋ―tïŋ―rmïŋ―ïŋ―...
...ama her zaman gïŋ―zel kalacaklar.
Teïŋ―ekkïŋ―r ederim. efendim.
ïŋ―ok gïŋ―zel bir kïŋ―srak.
Sïŋ―r Jorah. ben...
Dothraki dilinde ''teïŋ―ekkïŋ―r ederim''
demeyi bilmiyorum.
Dothraki dilinde
''teïŋ―ekkïŋ―r ederim''in karïŋ―ïŋ―lïŋ―ïŋ―ïŋ― yok.
Onu mutlu et.
Hayïŋ―r.
Ortak dili biliyor musun?
Tek bildiïŋ―in kelime ''hayïŋ―r'' mïŋ―?
Hayïŋ―r.
Yorucu bir gece miydi. Kïŋ―ïŋ―ïŋ―k ïŋ―eytan?
Bir tarafïŋ―m pïŋ―rtlemeden...
...bunu atlatïŋ―rsam mucize sayïŋ―lïŋ―r.
Seni avcïŋ― olarak dïŋ―ïŋ―ïŋ―nmezdim.
Topraklarïŋ―n en iyisiyim.
mïŋ―zraïŋ―ïŋ―m asla ïŋ―skalamaz.
Parasïŋ―nïŋ― veriyorsan
avlanmak sayïŋ―lmaz.
Mïŋ―zraïŋ―ïŋ― eskisi kadar iyi
kullanïŋ―yor musun?
Hayïŋ―r. ama hala senden daha iyiyim.
Senden istediïŋ―imin zor olduïŋ―unu
biliyorum. Kabul ettiïŋ―in iïŋ―in saïŋ― ol.
Sadece sana ihtiyacïŋ―m olduïŋ―u iïŋ―in
rica ettim.
Sadïŋ―k bir dostsun. Anladïŋ―n mïŋ―?
Sadïŋ―k bir dostsun.
Kalan son sadïŋ―k dostumsun.
- Umarïŋ―m sana iyi hizmet ederim.
- Edeceksin.
Ve sïŋ―rekli bu kadar suratsïŋ―z
gïŋ―rïŋ―nmemeni saïŋ―layacaïŋ―ïŋ―m.
Hadi ïŋ―ocuklar.
gidip birkaïŋ― domuz ïŋ―ldïŋ―relim!
Gel bakalïŋ―m.
Dur! Dur.
Delirdin mi sen?
- Bizi gïŋ―rdïŋ―.
- Yok bir ïŋ―ey. yok bir ïŋ―ey.
- Yok bir ïŋ―ey.
- Bizi gïŋ―rdïŋ―!
ïŋ―lk sïŋ―ylediïŋ―inde duydum.
Bayaïŋ―ïŋ― iyi tïŋ―rmanïŋ―yorsun. ha?
- Kaïŋ― yaïŋ―ïŋ―ndasïŋ―n. evlat?
- On.
On.
ïŋ―nsan aïŋ―k iïŋ―in neler yapmaz.
Subtitle Rip; Rodrigez54 & Avast
TURKISH
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm